Document NU1018 and NU1019 (#3546)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1018.md

---
title: NuGet Error NU1018
description: NU1018 error code
author: nkolev92
ms.author: nikolev
ms.date: 04/07/2026
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords: 
  - "NU1018"
---

# NuGet Error NU1018

## Scenario

> The project 'MyProject' is attempting to restore duplicate frameworks, which are supported only in the default dependency resolver when the .NET SDK is version 10.0.300 or newer. Upgrade your .NET SDK or remove RestoreUseLegacyDependencyResolver to use this feature.

### Issue

Your project file has multiple `TargetFrameworks` entries that resolve to the same NuGet framework.

> This scenario is known as framework aliasing, where different target framework aliases map to the same underlying framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario is known as framework aliasing, where different TargetFramework properties map to the same underlying framework.
```
